{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 README FILE\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Group No - 5\
\
Anshul Chhabra 2013B2A7803P\
Harshit Oberoi 2013B1A7865P\
AnanyaShreeGarg 2015A7PS117P\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \ulnone This translator is used for language translation between two languages- French and English. After compiling and running the code you get an option to choose between languages- as to from which language do you want to translate? Translated language is automatically assumed to be the other one. Then you get an option to either continue with the process (1) or exit (0). \
If you wish to continue next option you get is to enter the name of the file, which contains the sentences, you wish to translate (mention the entire path or just name of the file if it is in the same folder as the code). The sentences are translated and stored in another file in the same folder. This translated version is then compared with an already existing file in the same folder that contains the correct translation in term of Jaccard coefficient and cosine similarity. \
Then you are given the option to continue (1) or exit (0). And the entire above process repeats. \
A separate folder is made which contains all the processed files- mapping of English words to their corresponding French word according to the algorithm used along with their probabilities of matching. Consecutive files of all these maps are made each containing 10000 words in succession as there were memory constraints in mapping all words in one go (there were about 18.5 lakh lines in the parallel corpus). These files are taken from our dictionary and then used for translating the query document.\
}